docs(palette): update contrast color docs (#6066)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/themes/palettes.md

On top of the aforementioned colors, we also include **Level AA** [WCAG](https://www.w3.org/TR/UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20/visual-audio-contrast-contrast.html) compliant `contrast` colors for each color variant. This means that you can safely use the corresponding `contrast` color variants as foreground colors for the base color variant.

> [!NOTE]

> > Contrast colors are using CSS relative colors and are runtime calculated, based on the main variables color (primary, secondary, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Contrast colors are CSS relative colors and are runtime calculated, based on the corresponding shade color (primary, secondary, etc.).
```

```css
:root {
  //...
  --ig-primary-500: #09f;
  --ig-primary-500-contrast: hsl(from color(from var(--ig-primary-500) var(--y-contrast)) h 0 l);
  --ig-primary-600: hsl(from var(--ig-primary-500) h calc(s * 1.26) calc(l * 0.89));
  --ig-primary-600-contrast: hsl(from color(from var(--ig-primary-600) var(--y-contrast)) h 0 l);
  --ig-primary-700: hsl(from var(--ig-primary-500) h calc(s * 1.26) calc(l * 0.81));
  //...
  --ig-secondary-400: hsl(from var(--ig-secondary-500) h calc(s * 0.875) calc(l * 1.08));
  --ig-secondary-400-contrast: hsl(from color(from var(--ig-secondary-400) var(--y-contrast)) h 0 l);
  --ig-secondary-500: #df1b74;
  --ig-secondary-500-contrast: hsl(from color(from var(--ig-secondary-500) var(--y-contrast)) h 0 l);
  --ig-secondary-600: hsl(from var(--ig-secondary-500) h calc(s * 1.26) calc(l * 0.89));
  --ig-secondary-600-contrast: hsl(from color(from var(--ig-secondary-600) var(--y-contrast)) h 0 l);
  //...
  --ig-wcag-a: 0.31;
  --ig-wcag-aa: 0.185;
  --ig-wcag-aaa: 0.178;
  --ig-contrast-level: var(--ig-wcag-aa);
  --y: clamp(0,(y / var(--ig-contrast-level) - 1)* -infinity, 1);
  --y-contrast: xyz-d65 var(--y) var(--y) var(--y);
}
```

> All primary color variants are derived from one base variable color variant `--ig-primary-500`. The same goes for the other color variables `--ig-secondary-500`, `--ig-surface-500`, etc. The other variants are generated through the relative color function `hsl()` which takes the main variable color variant `500` and changes it's `saturation` and `lightness` according to the variable variant which is assigned on (`600`,`700`, etc.). We decided to use this approach as it allows us to modify all variants of the `primary`, `secondary`, `surface` and other colors at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All primary color variants come from a single base variable: `--ig-primary-500`. This same pattern applies to other color variables like `--ig-secondary-500` and `--ig-surface-500`. The additional variants are created using relative color CSS functions that take the main `500` variable and adjust its `saturation` and `lightness` to create other variants (600, 700, etc.). We chose this approach because it lets us modify all variants of `primary`, `secondary`, `surface`, and other colors during runtime.
```

 The contrast colors are CSS runtime generated, based on the the provided color's luminance and the chosen contrast-level to calculate the best contrast color for it. If we change the main color variant(`500`), the contrast colors will also be updated.

 > [!NOTE]
 > The contrast-level is specified by the `palette` or the `adaptive-contrast` mixin by passing one of the predefined values: `a`, `aa` or `aaa`.

 ```scss
  @include palette($palette, $contrast-level: 'aaa');

>   OR
> 
>   @include adaptive-contrast('aaa');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I'd rather remove this if it's documented extensively to better explain the benefit of using this mixin outside of the palette one.
